README.md, before:

# Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards
Repository containing Anki Flashcards &amp; source code to revise Machine Learning terms

## Introduction
This repository has taken definitions outlined in [Google's Machine Learning Glossary](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/glossary/) and put them into a form which can be easily learnt/revised using <a href="https://apps.ankiweb.net/">Anki</a> a cross platform app.

This README is also avaiable in [Español `[es]`](https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards/blob/master/README.es.md)  [Français `[fr]`](https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards/issues/1) [한국인 `[ko]`](https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards/blob/master/README.ko.md) [中文 `[zh]`](https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards/issues/5)

## Notes
Please note the modifications which have been made & where you can find updates.
1. Every card has "(Google Machine Learning Glossary)" appended to the end so that if you have any other Machine Learning words in your collection, the Google definition will still be added when importing it.
2. The original relative urls have been made into full urls so they are clickable within Anki.
3. All LaTeX formulae have been wrapped with text to ensure that it can be rendered correctly in Anki.
4. Any updates, translations or corrections to the deck will be available at <a href="https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards">https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards</a> so do return periodically to check if you have the latest version.

Feel free to share the deck and give the repository a star so more people can get the most out of it.

## Usage
If you want to just learn the words, download <a href="https://apps.ankiweb.net/">Anki</a> on your device of choice and open the .apkg file to add it into your collection. If you wish to build the deck from scratch you will need to import the .csv file via the desktop with HTML enabled and the separator to be `|`. You will also need to have a LaTeX distribution installed for certain formulae in certain definitions to be rendered correctly.

## Potential improvements yet to be made
1. To find a way to systematically pull the definitions from so that any corrections or additions are automatically updated.
2. To find a way so that all images are saved locally into the deck since currently if you do not have an internet connection you will not be able to see any images when using the deck.
3. To translate the deck into different languages so people around the world can learn about the topic. All translations will be found in the link above & we are happy to incorporate any translations that have been submitted.

## Contributing
Pull requests, corrections & fixes are welcome. Any contributions must be submitted under the same license that the original piece of work  (see below). Take a look at any open issues or submit new ones if there is something that needs to be fixed or added.

### Translating for other languages
Translations in all languages are welcome. Send a pull request or open an issue any time of day or night.

**Please prepend the tag `[lang-code]` to your issues and pull requests.** For example, `[fr]` for French. This will help everyone pick out things they care about.

We're happy for any contribution in any form, but if you're making more than one major change (i.e. translations for two different languages) it would be super cool of you to make a separate pull request for each one so that someone can review them more effectively and/or individually.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more guidance and details for making a contribution.

## License
<p>Except as otherwise noted, the content of this repository is licensed under the <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License</a>, and code samples are licensed under the <a href="https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0">Apache 2.0 License</a>. For details, see the <a href="https://developers.google.com/site-policies">Google Developers Site Policies</a>. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.</p>

To see this work in full go to https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/glossary/

Commit message:

feat: Adds contributing to os video

README.md, after:

# Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards
Repository containing Anki Flashcards &amp; source code to revise Machine Learning terms

## Introduction
This repository has taken definitions outlined in [Google's Machine Learning Glossary](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/glossary/) and put them into a form which can be easily learnt/revised using <a href="https://apps.ankiweb.net/">Anki</a> a cross platform app.

This README is also avaiable in [Español `[es]`](https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards/blob/master/README.es.md)  [Français `[fr]`](https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards/issues/1) [한국인 `[ko]`](https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards/blob/master/README.ko.md) [中文 `[zh]`](https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards/issues/5)

## Notes
Please note the modifications which have been made & where you can find updates.
1. Every card has "(Google Machine Learning Glossary)" appended to the end so that if you have any other Machine Learning words in your collection, the Google definition will still be added when importing it.
2. The original relative urls have been made into full urls so they are clickable within Anki.
3. All LaTeX formulae have been wrapped with text to ensure that it can be rendered correctly in Anki.
4. Any updates, translations or corrections to the deck will be available at <a href="https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards">https://github.com/darigovresearch/Google-Machine-Learning-Glossary-Flashcards</a> so do return periodically to check if you have the latest version.

Feel free to share the deck and give the repository a star so more people can get the most out of it.

## Usage
If you want to just learn the words, download <a href="https://apps.ankiweb.net/">Anki</a> on your device of choice and open the .apkg file to add it into your collection. If you wish to build the deck from scratch you will need to import the .csv file via the desktop with HTML enabled and the separator to be `|`. You will also need to have a LaTeX distribution installed for certain formulae in certain definitions to be rendered correctly.

## Potential improvements yet to be made
1. To find a way to systematically pull the definitions from so that any corrections or additions are automatically updated.
2. To find a way so that all images are saved locally into the deck since currently if you do not have an internet connection you will not be able to see any images when using the deck.
3. To translate the deck into different languages so people around the world can learn about the topic. All translations will be found in the link above & we are happy to incorporate any translations that have been submitted.

## Contributing
Pull requests, corrections & fixes are welcome. Any contributions must be submitted under the same license that the original piece of work  (see below). Take a look at any open issues or submit new ones if there is something that needs to be fixed or added.

Watch our video on how to contribute to open source for a complete overview -> [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWA4wyacY2A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWA4wyacY2A)

### Translating for other languages
Translations in all languages are welcome. Send a pull request or open an issue any time of day or night.

**Please prepend the tag `[lang-code]` to your issues and pull requests.** For example, `[fr]` for French. This will help everyone pick out things they care about.

We're happy for any contribution in any form, but if you're making more than one major change (i.e. translations for two different languages) it would be super cool of you to make a separate pull request for each one so that someone can review them more effectively and/or individually.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more guidance and details for making a contribution.

## License
<p>Except as otherwise noted, the content of this repository is licensed under the <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License</a>, and code samples are licensed under the <a href="https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0">Apache 2.0 License</a>. For details, see the <a href="https://developers.google.com/site-policies">Google Developers Site Policies</a>. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.</p>

To see this work in full go to https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/glossary/
